docs: stream aggregation updated structure, added common mistakes section (#6777)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/stream-aggregation/troubleshooting.md

intervals specified in [stream aggregation config](./configuration/README.md) via `interval` option.
If a new sample for the existing time series is received after that, then it is treated as the first sample for a new time series.
This may lead to the following issues:

- Lower than expected results for [total_prometheus](./configuration/outputs/#total_prometheus) and [increase_prometheus](./configuration/outputs/#increase_prometheus) outputs,
  since they ignore the first sample in a new time series.
- Unexpected spikes for [total](./configuration/outputs/#total) and [increase](./configuration/outputs/#increase) outputs, since they assume that new time series start from 0.

These issues can be fixed in the following ways:

- By increasing the `interval` option at [stream aggregation config](./configuration/README.md), so it covers the expected
  delays in data ingestion pipelines.
- By specifying the `staleness_interval` option at [stream aggregation config](./configuration/README.md), so it covers the expected
  delays in data ingestion pipelines. By default, the `staleness_interval` equals to `2 x interval`.

### High resource usage

> The following solutions can help reducing memory usage and CPU usage durting streaming aggregation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following solutions can help reduce memory usage and CPU usage during streaming aggregation:
```
